

jQuery Weds Thurs 5/10 - 11/ 2017

Review Questions

Weds Identification and Traversal
What is the jQuery way to do window.onload = function () ...   ?
Write a jQuery selector to find all paragraphs.
Write a jQuery selector to find all list items inside paragraphs that have the class .donkey  .
What are the jQuery symbols used in selecting:  by identifier, by class, children descendents, any descendent,
  by collections of selectors, by HTML element, by attribute, by attribute value?
What does the jQuery filter ' :even ' do?  Give an example.
What is the difference of the jQuery function and 'a jQuery object' ?
What does it mean to use $ as a wrapper?  What is the purpose?
What is the jQuery syntax for searching a subtree of elements?
Give an example of finding the parent nodes of all div elements.
Give an example of finding the children nodes of all div elements.
Give an example of finding the descendent nodes of all div elements.
Give an example of finding the sibling nodes of all div elements.
Give an example of finding the third sibling nodes of all div elements.
What is the difference of $("p").each(myfunction) and $.each(myArray, myfunction)?


Thursday Node and Tree Manipulation and Events
Node Manipulation
Show how to add class .puppy to all divs.
Show how to remove class .puppy from all divs.
Show how to remove class .puppy from any div that has it and add .puppy to any div that does not have it.
What is the syntax for getting a style property in jQuery?
What is the syntax for setting a style property in jQuery?
What is unobtrusive styling?  What is the implication of this for setting style properties in jQuery versus setting classes?
What is the important differenc in how jQuery setter and getters work?
Explain why the following will not work (as expected):
   $(“div").css("top", parseInt($(“div").css("top")) + 100 + "px");
Describe what is returned by each of the following and the implications of this for 'chaining':  
  $("#myid");
  $("#myid").css("margin-left");
  $("#myid").addClass("special");
What is the difference of .html() and .text()?  Which should be favored to avoid 'HTML hacking'?

Tree Manipulation
How would you create a new div node with id = 'BigRed' and class = fancy in jQuery?  (use the property object syntax)
Will this appear in the DOM when you create it?
What is necessary to add it to the DOM?
What are the 4 jQuery function signatures?  Explain what the argument types are for each and what each returns.

Event Handling
How would you attach the function myFunc as click event handler to all divs using jQuery?
How would you trigger a click event for all divs?
What is an event object?  What are clientX, pageX, and screenX for mouse event objects?
























